Now the undercurrent is surging
If you are lucky enough to see the Qing army today
My Xue family is willing to offer half of it
Plus asylum
later
Maybe for a lifetime
My Zhang family is also willing to give half of the family property
So is my Li family?
I only hope that the Qing army
For the sake of the sincerity of you and me
Since we met
It's Jiu Ye
Ah Jiu Ye
Is uh what
Offended the Qing army
Yes yes yes let's come down now
Something big is about to happen
Jin Feng, don't say it
Your eyes are so similar
The stage is not ready yet
It's starting to turn into a play, hahahaha, right?
Daughter-in-law, don't you want me and my father to get down?
Ah, they're upstairs.
We haven't thought of it yet
It's only a few steps away.
Indeed, I also want to ask
It's only a few steps away
Where are they on the motorcycle?
Could it be that he really wants to become famous in Southern Province?